Improve the description of how to provide addons documentation (#5636)
kyma-project/kyma: docs/helm-broker/03-01-create-addons.md

The `meta.yaml` file contains the specification of the ClusterDocsTopic or DocsTopic. The example structure of the `meta.yaml` file looks as follows:

|  Field Name | Required |      Description               |
|-----------|:--------:|------------------------------------|
|   **docs[]**                           |   Yes   | Contains the definitions of documentation.   |
| **docs[].template**                    |   Yes   | Contains the specification of the ClusterDocsTopic or DocsTopic. |
| **docs[].template.displayName**        |   Yes   | Specifies the display name of the ClusterDocsTopic or DocsTopic. |
| **docs[].template.description**        |   Yes   | Provides the description of the ClusterDocsTopic or DocsTopic. |
| **docs[].template.sources[]**          |   Yes   | Contains the definitions of assets for an addon. |
| **docs[].template.sources[].type**     |   Yes   | Defines the type of the asset. |

> | **docs[].template.sources[].name**     |   Yes   | Defines a unique identifier of a given asset. It must be unique in a given type. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| **docs[].template.sources[].name**     |   Yes   | Defines a unique identifier of a given asset. It must be unique for a given type. |
```

Is that what you mean? I'm not sure what the `type` refers to.

## docs directory

In the `docs` directory, provide documentation for your addon. The documentation can include Markdown documents, AsyncAPI, OData, and OpenAPI specification files. Create the `assets` directory inside the `docs` directory to store assets, such as images. The `docs` directory must contain a `meta.yaml` file which provides information on how documentation for the addon is uploaded.
As you can install the Helm Broker as a ClusterServiceBroker or as a ServiceBroker, documentation for addons is provided using either [ClusterDocsTopics](/components/headless-cms/#custom-resource-clusterdocstopic) or [DocsTopics](/components/headless-cms/#custom-resource-docs-topic) custom resources, respectively.

> The `meta.yaml` file contains the specification of the ClusterDocsTopic. The example structure of the `meta.yaml` file looks as follows:

Reviewer 2: ClusterDocsTopic or DocsTopics -:> be consistent

OR use only DocsTopics to minimalize the amount of the text

Author: Good point! 🤔

|  Field Name | Required |      Description               |
|-----------|:--------:|------------------------------------|
|   **docs[]**                           |   YES   | Contains the definitions of documentation.   |
| **docs[].template**                    |   YES   | Contains the specification of the ClusterDocsTopic or DocsTopic. |
| **docs[].template.displayName**        |   YES   | Specifies the display name of the ClusterDocsTopic or DocsTopic. |
| **docs[].template.description**        |   YES   | Provides the description of the ClusterDocsTopic or DocsTopic. |
| **docs[].template.sources[]**          |   YES   | Contains the definitions of assets for an addon. |
| **docs[].template.sources[].type**     |   YES   | Defines the type of the asset. |

> | **docs[].template.sources[].name**     |   YES   | Defines a unique identifier of a given asset. It must be unique if there is more than one asset of a given type. |

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
| **docs[].template.sources[].name**     |   YES   | Defines a unique identifier of a given asset. It must be unique in a given type. |
```

| **docs[].template.sources[].mode**     |   YES   | Specifies if the asset consists of one file or a set of compressed files in the ZIP or TAR format. Use `single` for one file and `package` for a set of files. |

> | **docs[].template.sources[].url**      |   YES   | Specifies the location of a single file or a package. |

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
| **docs[].template.sources[].url**      |   YES   | Specifies the location of a file. |
```

> | **docs[].template.sources[].filter**   |   YES   | Specifies a set of assets from the package to upload. The regex used in the filter must be [RE2](https://golang.org/s/re2syntax)-compliant.  |

Reviewer 2: Specifies the folder from which the documentation is fetched
